Implement bitwarden-software-engineer Claude Code Plugin with Agent Skills (#15)
bitwarden/ai-plugins: plugins/bitwarden-software-engineer/skills/writing-database-queries/guides/entity-framework.md

# Entity Framework Guide

> EF is used for PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, and SQLite. MSSQL uses Dapper in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entity Framework (EF) is used for PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, and SQLite. The Dapper ORM is used for MSSQL.
```
